This lesson we're going to look at what's new what functions.
So earlier in the previous lessons clear section where we're looking at functions we actually introduced
you to setting defaults for functions.
So I can run through this again really quickly.
So let's say for instance you've got a function and let's call it
so a call it output message and it's going to expect a parameter of a message being passed in.
And then what we want to do is let's console log a message value.
So console log and whatever is contained within message we want to log that information out.
So next in order to use that function Let's save that go back and refresh it.
So let's you go ahead and use that function.
So if we want to send a message we can do something like Hello.
What happens if we actually forget to pass in our argument.
And we call it like this.
We just get undefined.
So essentially this is not a really good outcome because sometimes you want to have a default value
there.
So every time someone is calling output message we want to return something to that user and that's
where we can use that equal sign.
So we could equal that too.
And this is new with ESX.
It works across a lot of browsers and that's why I went through it earlier as well.
No value.
So now whenever that gets called if we output message and we don't pass any parameters in there we get
no value.
So basically giving us the ability to do a default within a function so it's go back into our editor
and I want to set up a default variable and set up a constant variable.
And this one is going to be my output object.
So we've been using this before where where we do the documents get element by id and then we grab that
output object.
So all of that content that's contained within this element we're grabbing it into the output object.
And then a lot of times what we've done is we've simply output.
So we've done output in or H T A male and then equal that to message.
So this is something else that we could do as well.
And this is incorporating constants into it.
So now let's try output message and we're not going to pass any value.
So we see that no value gets passed in there
so we can also have multiple multiple default values as well and some of them could also even be if
we want to call in a function or something like that.
So let's call them a separate that out.
So the next one and let's do a function here and we're going to show whatever value we've got in message
so let's create a function that's going to show and this function will just be called so.
And this one lets pass in we're not actually going to pass any values into the arguments and I assure
you we can still pick up that information.
So now with shole it's to console log.
And we're going to output that content.
So we have the ability to actually grab that content by using the keyword arguments.
So this is something that's new within javascript now as well that we can't output.
And we've got this default value here contained within as arguments.
So let me show you what happens now when we look at arguments
so let's do output message
and let's pass in value there.
So passen Hello world.
And you see that we actually invoke the function and we output the function here within the whole world
and we see that.
So we're outputting Schull and so is actually passing arguments.
And so even though we don't see it here within these parameters we're able to pick up those arguments.
So if we had more than one argument that we were passing over to show.
So let's say something else.
So now we're passing a number of arguments there.
We see that we can make use of them and we can pick those up.
So let's refresh it and let's do the same thing where we pass over a message and this time it's just
the one argument we've got all three of them there.
And the first one here we're picking up from the value of message.
So that's being taken and passed and to show as our first argument the next argument is blank and then
the last one is new.
So we've got them ordered.
So what we can do as well is we can get the length.
And this is going to work the same way as any array.
So we can actually output that information.
So if one output whatever the first argument is all we have to do is indicate that we're looking for
the first one.
So now let's try that again and this time we're actually outputting.
Hello world.
So let me show you another example.
So another function and let's call this one my fun and we're not going to pass in any of the arguments
or actually we are going to be expecting a bunch of arguments
and let's console log.
So all console log out the arguments object.
And we're also going to console What does console log arguments for now and I'll show you something
else.
There's actually contents and information in there so we can grab that argument's length if you want
to and make use of it within our Javascript.
So we saw that that object had length and at a number of other parameters.
So let's make use of that function so let's invoke that function and let's pass in some values.
And let's try that and see what happens within the con..
So we see that that first console log is outputting all of the arguments.
So so putting one to three.
So it's actually picking them up and it's not worrying about D and E because there's no values that
are being passed in there.
But when we look at the call e we can actually see that it was actually expecting 5.
So it was expecting five different arguments to be passed in there.
And it's actually got a listing of what we're expecting within my fun.
We also have a name of the function.
So if we want to return back the name of the function we can pick it up within the Cauley as well.
So all of this information is contained within the object.
And then lastly we also saw the length.
So if we wanted to we could find out how many were expected.
When we do so it's all contained within the arguments object.
And that was the the
and we can see how many were being expected within the call.
So let's refresh that again now.
So we're expecting 5.
We've got three and we can do something with that within our code as well if needed.
So what are you to do now pause the video and add in a condition they're checking to make sure that
the length of arguments is equal to the ones that we're expecting.
And if it's not then in the console what I want it to rate is how many arguments were actually missing
and how many were expected and how many were missing so just right out.
So for this instance we're missing two such that say missing two arguments.
So add that into your code and I'll show you the solution coming up so our challenge was for this exercise
was to pull back and out of condition here to see if the amount of if the length of the expected arguments
was actually the ones that were passed in and if not then output an error into the con..
So let's do that now.
So the first thing we need to do is we need to check and see our condition and we know that we've got
a number of values there.
So we've got our length and this is the actual length of it.
So if this length is greater than or it's greater than or equal to that we know that we're OK and it
actually should just be equal to.
So we could probably just get away with doing equal to.
And now let's put our message so console log.
OK.
And if it's not then what we want to do is we want to output that there's an error.
So let's do an else and let's console log and missing and then whatever number of arguments that we're
missing.
So we can add that in here as well.
So it's simply that like that and update this to equal sign.
So my guess and this one actually should be for us.
So let's do the call the length minus the arguments length.
So this one now should tell us how many were missing.
Let's try that.
And we see that we're missing three and or we're missing two.
That was the three down here.
That's the value of the third item in the array.
So that was the other code that was interfering with that.
But for now what we see is that we're actually missing two of them and this is the solution to using
the arguments to determine how many are missing.
And then if you're missing some you could always add in some logic within your application to take care
of any issues that are coming up within your calculations.